c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\AuroraFlare.exe
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\AuroraFlare.pdb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\obj\x86\Debug\AuroraFlare.exe
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\obj\x86\Debug\AuroraFlare.pdb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\DialogueBox.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\MainBG.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\MenuLogo.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\AttackCursor.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\PlayerShip.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Projectiles\BEAM_BLUE_SPRITE.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Projectiles\BEAM_RED_SPRITE.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Enemies\Enemy1.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\ExitHover.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\MenuBG.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\OptionsHover.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\PlayHover.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\AtlarProfileSelect.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\CreateNewActive.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\CreateNewButton.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\DeleteButton.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\DeleteButtonActive.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\LeftArrowButton.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\NPAccept.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\NPBackground.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\NPCancel.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\NPInput.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\OverviewHeader.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\PlayButtonActive.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\PlayButtonBlacked.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\ProfileAvBG.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\ProfileAvBGActive.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\ProfilesHeader.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\RightArrowButton.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\Debug.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\DialogueFont.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\InputFont.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\MenuFont.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\ProfileFont.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\SmallProfileFont.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\Fade.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\PauseMenu.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\ResumeHover.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Projectiles\BEAM_GREEN_SPRITE.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Projectiles\LaserBall.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Projectiles\LaserBallRed.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Projectiles\LaserSmall.xnb
c:\users\colton\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Projectiles\LaserBallPurple.xnb
C:\Users\Colton\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\ScoreFont.xnb
C:\Users\Colton\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sounds\AuroraFlare.xgs
C:\Users\Colton\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sounds\SB1.xsb
C:\Users\Colton\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sounds\WB1.xwb
C:\Users\Colton\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Starfields\Starfield_blue.xnb
C:\Users\Colton\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Starfields\Starfield_green.xnb
C:\Users\Colton\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Starfields\Starfield_purple.xnb
C:\Users\Colton\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Starfields\Starfield_red.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\DialogueBox.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\MainBG.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\MenuLogo.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\AttackCursor.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\PlayerShip.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Projectiles\BEAM_BLUE_SPRITE.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Projectiles\BEAM_RED_SPRITE.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Enemies\Enemy1.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\ExitHover.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\OptionsHover.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\PlayHover.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\AtlarProfileSelect.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\CreateNewActive.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\CreateNewButton.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\DeleteButton.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\DeleteButtonActive.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\LeftArrowButton.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\NPAccept.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\NPBackground.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\NPCancel.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\NPInput.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\OverviewHeader.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\PlayButtonActive.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\PlayButtonBlacked.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\ProfileAvBG.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\ProfileAvBGActive.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\ProfilesHeader.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\RightArrowButton.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\PauseMenu.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\ResumeHover.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\Fade.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Projectiles\BEAM_GREEN_SPRITE.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Projectiles\LaserBall.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Projectiles\LaserBallRed.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Projectiles\LaserSmall.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Projectiles\LaserBallPurple.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\MenuBG.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Starfields\Starfield_blue.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Starfields\Starfield_green.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Starfields\Starfield_purple.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Starfields\Starfield_red.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\Debug.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\DialogueFont.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\InputFont.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\MenuFont.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\ProfileFont.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\SmallProfileFont.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\ScoreFont.xnb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sounds\AuroraFlare.xgs
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sounds\SB1.xsb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sounds\WB1.xwb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\AuroraFlare.exe
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\AuroraFlare.pdb
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\obj\x86\Debug\AuroraFlare.exe
F:\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\obj\x86\Debug\AuroraFlare.pdb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\DialogueBox.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\MainBG.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\MenuLogo.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\AttackCursor.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\PlayerShip.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Projectiles\BEAM_BLUE_SPRITE.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Projectiles\BEAM_RED_SPRITE.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Enemies\Enemy1.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\ExitHover.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\OptionsHover.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\PlayHover.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\AtlarProfileSelect.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\CreateNewActive.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\CreateNewButton.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\DeleteButton.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\DeleteButtonActive.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\LeftArrowButton.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\NPAccept.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\NPBackground.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\NPCancel.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\NPInput.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\OverviewHeader.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\PlayButtonActive.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\PlayButtonBlacked.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\ProfileAvBG.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\ProfileAvBGActive.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\ProfilesHeader.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Profile\RightArrowButton.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\PauseMenu.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\ResumeHover.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\Fade.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Projectiles\BEAM_GREEN_SPRITE.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Projectiles\LaserBall.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Projectiles\LaserBallRed.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Projectiles\LaserSmall.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Projectiles\LaserBallPurple.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Menu\MenuBG.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Starfields\Starfield_blue.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Starfields\Starfield_green.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Starfields\Starfield_purple.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Starfields\Starfield_red.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\Debug.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\DialogueFont.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\InputFont.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\MenuFont.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\ProfileFont.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\SmallProfileFont.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\ScoreFont.xnb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sounds\AuroraFlare.xgs
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sounds\SB1.xsb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sounds\WB1.xwb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\AuroraFlare.exe
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\bin\x86\Debug\AuroraFlare.pdb
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\obj\x86\Debug\AuroraFlare.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\obj\x86\Debug\AuroraFlare.exe
N:\BACKUPS\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\AuroraFlare\obj\x86\Debug\AuroraFlare.pdb
